# Mapping from Castable to one or more sound resources that can
# be played during ordinary combat for the nominated Castable.
# Lines starting with # are comments; empty lines are ignored.
# Expects lines with the form of a fully-qualified Castable,
# whitespace, fully-qualified resource name.

chaos.common.dragon.BlueDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/dragon
chaos.common.dragon.EmeraldDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/edragon
chaos.common.dragon.GoldenDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/gdragon
chaos.common.dragon.GreenDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/dragon
chaos.common.dragon.PlatinumDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/gdragon
chaos.common.dragon.RedDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/rdragon
chaos.common.dragon.ShadowDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/rdragon
chaos.common.dragon.WhiteDragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/wdragon
chaos.common.monster.Abath chaos/resources/sound/combat/abath
chaos.common.monster.Achiyalabopa chaos/resources/sound/combat/eagle
chaos.common.monster.Phoenix chaos/resources/sound/combat/eagle
chaos.common.monster.Aesculapius chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.monster.Hippocrates chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.monster.AerialServant chaos/resources/sound/combat/servant
chaos.common.monster.AirElemental chaos/resources/sound/combat/air
chaos.common.monster.Amphisbaena chaos/resources/sound/combat/amphisbaena
chaos.common.monster.ArcticWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/wolf
chaos.common.monster.ArcticWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/wolf2
chaos.common.monster.ArcticWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark
chaos.common.monster.ArcticWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark1
chaos.common.monster.ArcticWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark2
chaos.common.monster.Azer chaos/resources/sound/combat/fire
chaos.common.monster.Baboon chaos/resources/sound/combat/banderlog
chaos.common.monster.Banderlog chaos/resources/sound/combat/banderlog
chaos.common.monster.BasaltGolem chaos/resources/sound/combat/donk
chaos.common.monster.Basilisk chaos/resources/sound/combat/crocodile
chaos.common.monster.Bat chaos/resources/sound/combat/bat
chaos.common.monster.BirdLord chaos/resources/sound/combat/birdlord
chaos.common.monster.BrownBear chaos/resources/sound/combat/bear
chaos.common.monster.Camel chaos/resources/sound/combat/camel
chaos.common.monster.Cheetah chaos/resources/sound/combat/leopard
chaos.common.monster.ClayGolem chaos/resources/sound/combat/donk
chaos.common.monster.CrimsonDeath chaos/resources/sound/combat/ghost
chaos.common.monster.Crocodile chaos/resources/sound/combat/crocodile
chaos.common.monster.Dalek chaos/resources/sound/combat/dalek1
chaos.common.monster.Dalek chaos/resources/sound/combat/dalek2
chaos.common.monster.Demon chaos/resources/sound/combat/demon
chaos.common.monster.DireWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/direwolf
chaos.common.monster.DireWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/wolf2
chaos.common.monster.DireWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark
chaos.common.monster.DireWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark1
chaos.common.monster.DireWolf chaos/resources/sound/combat/bark2
chaos.common.monster.Drelb chaos/resources/sound/combat/drelb
chaos.common.monster.Eagle chaos/resources/sound/combat/eagle
chaos.common.monster.EarthElemental chaos/resources/sound/combat/earth
chaos.common.monster.Elephant chaos/resources/sound/combat/elephant
chaos.common.monster.Elephant chaos/resources/sound/combat/elephant2
chaos.common.monster.Elephant chaos/resources/sound/combat/elephant3
chaos.common.monster.Elephant chaos/resources/sound/combat/elephant4
chaos.common.monster.Falcon chaos/resources/sound/combat/birdlord
chaos.common.monster.FireBat chaos/resources/sound/combat/bat
chaos.common.monster.FireDemon chaos/resources/sound/combat/fdemon
chaos.common.monster.FireElemental chaos/resources/sound/combat/firee
chaos.common.monster.FloatingEye chaos/resources/sound/combat/eye
chaos.common.monster.Ghast chaos/resources/sound/combat/ghast
chaos.common.monster.Ghost chaos/resources/sound/combat/ghost
chaos.common.monster.Ghoul chaos/resources/sound/combat/ghast
chaos.common.monster.GiantBeetle chaos/resources/sound/combat/beetle
chaos.common.monster.GiantRat chaos/resources/sound/combat/squeak
chaos.common.monster.GiantSpider chaos/resources/sound/combat/spider
chaos.common.monster.Gorilla chaos/resources/sound/combat/gorilla
chaos.common.monster.GrizzlyBear chaos/resources/sound/combat/bear
chaos.common.monster.Gryphon chaos/resources/sound/combat/manticore
chaos.common.monster.Opinicus chaos/resources/sound/combat/manticore
chaos.common.monster.Harpy chaos/resources/sound/combat/harpy
chaos.common.monster.Haunt chaos/resources/sound/combat/haunt
chaos.common.monster.HigherDevil chaos/resources/sound/combat/hdevil
chaos.common.monster.Hydra chaos/resources/sound/combat/hydra
chaos.common.monster.Imp chaos/resources/sound/combat/imp
chaos.common.monster.Iridium chaos/resources/sound/combat/iridium
chaos.common.monster.Jaguar chaos/resources/sound/combat/leopard
chaos.common.monster.KingCobra chaos/resources/sound/combat/cobra
chaos.common.monster.Leopard chaos/resources/sound/combat/leopard
chaos.common.monster.LesserDevil chaos/resources/sound/combat/ldevil
chaos.common.monster.Lion chaos/resources/sound/combat/lion
chaos.common.monster.Lion chaos/resources/sound/combat/lion1
chaos.common.monster.Manticore chaos/resources/sound/combat/manticore
chaos.common.monster.Manticore chaos/resources/sound/combat/elephant3
chaos.common.monster.MindFlayer chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp
#chaos.common.monster.MudMan
chaos.common.monster.NeoOtyugh chaos/resources/sound/combat/neo-otyugh
#chaos.common.monster.Nightmare
chaos.common.monster.Ogre chaos/resources/sound/combat/ogre
chaos.common.monster.OgreAssassin chaos/resources/sound/combat/ogre
chaos.common.monster.OgreMage chaos/resources/sound/combat/ogre
chaos.common.monster.OgreWarrior chaos/resources/sound/combat/ogre
chaos.common.monster.Pegasus chaos/resources/sound/combat/pegasus
chaos.common.monster.Pseudodragon chaos/resources/sound/combat/wdragon
chaos.common.monster.Pyrohydra chaos/resources/sound/combat/gdragon
chaos.common.monster.Python chaos/resources/sound/combat/cobra
chaos.common.monster.Robot chaos/resources/sound/combat/robot
chaos.common.monster.Shadow chaos/resources/sound/combat/shadow
chaos.common.monster.ShapeChanger chaos/resources/sound/combat/changer
chaos.common.monster.Skeleton chaos/resources/sound/combat/skeleton
chaos.common.monster.SkeletonWarrior chaos/resources/sound/combat/skeleton
chaos.common.monster.SnowLeopard chaos/resources/sound/combat/leopard
chaos.common.monster.Solar chaos/resources/sound/combat/solar
chaos.common.monster.Spectator chaos/resources/sound/combat/spectator
chaos.common.monster.Spectre chaos/resources/sound/combat/wight
chaos.common.monster.Spider chaos/resources/sound/combat/spider
chaos.common.monster.StoneGiant chaos/resources/sound/combat/giant
chaos.common.monster.StoneGolem chaos/resources/sound/combat/donk
chaos.common.monster.TRex chaos/resources/sound/combat/t-rex
chaos.common.monster.Thundermare chaos/resources/sound/combat/thundermare
#chaos.common.monster.Tiger
chaos.common.monster.Unicorn chaos/resources/sound/combat/unicorn
chaos.common.monster.Vampire chaos/resources/sound/combat/vampire
chaos.common.monster.Vulture chaos/resources/sound/combat/vulture
chaos.common.monster.WaterElemental chaos/resources/sound/combat/water
chaos.common.monster.Wight chaos/resources/sound/combat/wight
chaos.common.monster.Wolverine chaos/resources/sound/combat/wolverine
chaos.common.monster.Wraith chaos/resources/sound/combat/wight
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber1
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber2
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber3
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber4
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber5
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/combat/saber6
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse1
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse1
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse1
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse1
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse2
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse2
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse2
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse2
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse3
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse3
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse3
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse3
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse4
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse4
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse4
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse4
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse5
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse5
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse5
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse5
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse6
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse6
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse6
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse6
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse7
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse7
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse7
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse7
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse8
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse8
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse8
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse8
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse9
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse9
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse9
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse9
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse10
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse10
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse10
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse10
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse11
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse11
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse11
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse11
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse12
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse12
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse12
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse12
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse13
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse13
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse13
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse13
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse14
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse14
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse14
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse14
chaos.common.monster.Horse chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse15
chaos.common.monster.Hybsil chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse15
chaos.common.monster.Centaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse15
chaos.common.monster.NamedCentaur chaos/resources/sound/combat/horse15
chaos.common.monster.Diplodocus chaos/resources/sound/combat/diplodocus
