# Mapping from Castable to one or more sound resources that can
# be played during special combat for the nominated Castable.
# Lines starting with # are comments; empty lines are ignored.
# Expects lines with the form of a fully-qualified Castable,
# whitespace, fully-qualified resource name.

chaos.common.inanimate.WaspNest chaos/resources/sound/special/wasp
chaos.common.inanimate.Roper chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp
chaos.common.inanimate.Roper chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp1
chaos.common.inanimate.Roper chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp2
chaos.common.monster.MindFlayer chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp
chaos.common.monster.MindFlayer chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp1
chaos.common.monster.MindFlayer chaos/resources/sound/special/slurp2
chaos.common.monster.Iridium chaos/resources/sound/special/blast
chaos.common.monster.OgreMage chaos/resources/sound/special/zingzing
chaos.common.monster.Priest chaos/resources/sound/special/zingzing
chaos.common.mythos.DarthVader chaos/resources/sound/special/saber
chaos.common.mythos.Orange chaos/resources/sound/special/squirt
chaos.common.mythos.Alien8 chaos/resources/sound/special/alien
chaos.common.mythos.Skulkrin chaos/resources/sound/special/skulkrin
chaos.common.mythos.Quazatron chaos/resources/sound/special/skulkrin
chaos.common.monster.Shadowmare chaos/resources/sound/special/hic

chaos.common.inanimate.DarkWood chaos/resources/sound/special/tree_attack
chaos.common.inanimate.Conifer chaos/resources/sound/special/crowd
chaos.common.inanimate.DancingDaisy chaos/resources/sound/special/crowd
chaos.common.inanimate.Fir chaos/resources/sound/special/crowd
chaos.common.inanimate.MagicGlass chaos/resources/sound/special/gasps
chaos.common.inanimate.ToxicWaste chaos/resources/sound/special/drain
chaos.common.inanimate.Heptagram chaos/resources/sound/special/hic
chaos.common.inanimate.Hex chaos/resources/sound/special/hic
chaos.common.inanimate.Web chaos/resources/sound/special/web
chaos.common.inanimate.Armoury chaos/resources/sound/special/armoury
chaos.common.inanimate.Arsenal chaos/resources/sound/special/armoury
chaos.common.inanimate.Vortex chaos/resources/sound/special/vortex
chaos.common.inanimate.Spring chaos/resources/sound/special/spring
chaos.common.inanimate.Pentagram chaos/resources/sound/special/pentagram
chaos.common.growth.VioletFungi chaos/resources/sound/special/sneeze
chaos.common.growth.VioletFungi chaos/resources/sound/special/fungi
chaos.common.growth.VioletFungi chaos/resources/sound/special/squirt
chaos.common.growth.Spiky chaos/resources/sound/special/electric
chaos.common.growth.Spiky chaos/resources/sound/special/alien

# Healers
chaos.common.growth.Wheat chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.monster.Hippocrates chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.monster.Aesculapius chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.monster.SkeletonLord chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.inanimate.AppleWood chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.inanimate.Pool chaos/resources/sound/special/heal
chaos.common.inanimate.Volcano chaos/resources/sound/special/volcano

